Smaller improvements to the README (#652)
NixOS/nixos-homepage: README.md

# Source for nixos.org

[![GitHub Workflow Status of master branch](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/nixos/nixos-homepage/Build%20&%20Deploy%20to%20Netlify?style=flat)](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build+%26+Deploy+to+Netlify%22) [![Number of open GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nixos/nixos-homepage?style=flat&color=red)](https://github.com/nixos/nixos-homepage/issues) [![Number of open GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/nixos/nixos-homepage?style=flat&color=blue)](https://github.com/nixos/nixos-homepage/pulls) [![Month of last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/NixOS/nixos-homepage?style=flat)](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/commits/master) [![Number of all contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-10-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/nixos/nixos-homepage#how-to-help)

> Code and content for [nixos.org](https://nixos.org) website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code and content for the [nixos.org](https://nixos.org) website.
```

Code and content for [nixos.org](https://nixos.org) website.

# Help us!

There are many ways how you can help:

- if you are familiar with CSS look at the [issues tagged with `design` tag](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Adesign).
- if you are an native English speaker or just a person that is very good with words, please look at the [issues tagged with `content` tag](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Acontent)
- if you are developer and just eager to fix stuff please look at the [issues tagged with `bug` tag](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug)

> If you feel lost where and how to contribute, ask [marketing team](https://nixos.org/teams/marketing.html) on [`#nixos-marketing` channel on IRC](irc://irc.freenode.net/#nixos-marketing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel lost where and how to contribute, ask the [marketing team](https://nixos.org/teams/marketing.html) on the [`#nixos-marketing` channel on IRC](irc://irc.freenode.net/#nixos-marketing).
```

# How to help?

For quick fixes you can use gitpod.io: [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/nixos/nixos-homepage)

To run local development instance follow this steps:

    $ git clone git@github.com:NixOS/nixos-homepage.git
    $ cd nixos-homepage
    $ nix-shell

      To start developing run:
          python run.py

      and open browser on:

>           https://127.0.0.1:8000

Reviewer: Remember to update this with the final actual output of the shell hook if you edit it.

      It will rebuild the website on each change.

    [nix-shell]$ python run.py

> Open your browser at: http://127.0.0.1:8000/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your browser at: http://127.0.0.1:8000/
```

Since the command doesn't use `index.html` in its output.

> In order for browser to automatically refresh install [Livereload extension](http://livereload.com/extensions/) for you browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the browser to automatically refresh, install the [Livereload extension](http://livereload.com/extensions/) for your browser.
```

Before creating a pull request make sure that `nix-build` runs successfully.

## Binary cache

> It can take some time to enter the development environment. To speed up and avoid building from source, you can use a binary cache that is also use to speed up our GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can take some time to enter the development environment. To speed up and avoid building from source, you can use a binary cache. The same cache is used to speed up our GitHub Actions.
```

> Add the following to the `/etc/nix/nix.conf` or `~/.config/nix/nix.conf`:

Reviewer: Hm, editing `/etc/nix/nix.conf` on NixOS is not really going to work. How can we rephrase this in a way that handles NixOS, and Non-NixOS alike?

Quite out of scope, but it would be best if there was a centralized page that deals with how to edit the Nix configuration, so we could link to it, with which configuration option to edit.

Or maybe even a documentation section about adding *binary caches* outright?

> substituters = ... https://nixos-homepage.cachix.org
> trusted-public-keys = ... nixos-homepage.cachix.org-1:NHKBt7NjLcWfgkX4OR72q7LVldKJe/JOsfIWFDAn/tE=

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
substituters = ... https://nixos-homepage.cachix.org
trusted-public-keys = ... nixos-homepage.cachix.org-1:NHKBt7NjLcWfgkX4OR72q7LVldKJe/JOsfIWFDAn/tE=
```
````
